# OpenGL-Scene
   The development process can be overwhelming so I often break it down into steps for myself. I want to understand my requirements and goals for the project. Then I collect and understand any resource or reference materials that will help my project accell. I take the time to plan out what the design and coding process will look like. I want to start with a basic outline and move forward from there to create a project that best encompasses all the needs I set out to fufill.
   
   I approach my design with through pseudo code first. This allows me to observe and understand all potential functions I will be creating and keep my requirements at the forefront of my design. It also allows me to understand what components of my design will take the most of my time and will be essential to my project running. I follow this up with a list that breaks down my functions I will be programing as well as any formulas or algorithms I will need for each. I follow this up with a standard code base while building upon it to understand all of my functions. 

   This project introduced me to the world and funcitons of OpenGL. Through my continued understanding of how this library is integrated into the C++ programing language, I was able to convert my 2D image into a 3D environment. I created multiple shapes and structures in this project that I can use moving forward to recreate other 3D scenes. I also learned the applicaiton of the different functions within OpenGL to better understand texture applicaiton, color applications, and how to intergrate a lighting scheem that best enhances the experience of these textures. 
   
   This project was able to develop my skills for the better in terms of future goals. When working on a big project, you are forced to take a look at how your code is structured to best find the different aspects of your code quickly for fixing. I started with an unstructured code, only to find  that was not going to work for me. I needed to group the different functions of my code so that I could better change the locations of items, color of items, and sometimes even the overall shape with ease. I am moving forward in this career field with the intentions of working on UI/UX in game design. My end goal is to become a creative director or Technology head at a company. It is very important to understand things that go beyond your specific duty when working on a project. I was able to understand the complexities and time consumption that an endeavor like this is capable of. In the future I will be able to move forward with better time planning and understanding skills. 
   
   With concern to my educational pathway, this class made me think much more critically about C++ as a language. It is not enough to simply know what C++ looks like or how to know what a function does. This was the first project in my educational career that allowed me to choose the bits and pieces of C++ functionality that would help my project to be the most successful. It is the difference between learning French from a text book and navigating the streets of Paris. 
